1. Overall, I like the changes I made to this simulation - it adds a lot of functionality and makes everything look smooth. The trains were the easy part, all I had to do was add observers for the second train once it was created, and then modify the logic for when the gates should close.  The tricky part was the cars.  I ended up taking the cars out of the observer pattern while on the connecting road, instead implementing the same logic directly onto the cars, as they had to be aware of their forward neighbor, anyway.  Once they reach the second road, they were re-inserted into the strategy pattern, this time with respect to both the last car on the second road and the gate on the second road instead of the first.  I decided on this path, as there is no gate to observe in the connection road, and it is simple enough to keep track of the location of the next car, and turn once there is open space on the road, then immediately returning to the pattern.  The way I implemented the turn may have been my favorite part.  The car turns onto the second road like a normal person would.  Pulling ahead and turning at the same time when possible, but if there is only enough space to pull ahead, the car pulls ahead, and then proceeds south once it can.  If I were to change something, I would take away the observer class from the cars.  I would instead use a queue for each of the three roads, simply making sure that each element in the queue is aware of the next, and having the queue, itself, observe the gate, letting cars go once it can.  There are also a few bugs with respect to cars running over one another.  These were present before I began modifications, but if I had the time, I would like to have done away with this error.

2. The design as-is would absolutely not scale up.  Because of the small nature of this model, the methods employed include the trains referencing one another, the factories doing the same, and hard-coded values for when to make turns, stop, and despawn.  This code would have to be changed to allow cars to turn when a road is witnessed, gates to be able to check all trains at once for open/close logic without references to one-another, and cars would have to be able to reference all of the roads and other cars without hard-coding the reference to the only two factories in the simulation.
